readded everything (#104)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/appendix/cat_auth_pachinko.tex

> \subsection{Category and Author Pachinko}\label{app:cat_auth_pachinko}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsection{Category and author \gls{pam}}\label{app:cat_auth_pachinko}
```

> Given the good results of the taxonomy \gls{pam}, we decided to test \gls{pam} with the two other metadata fields: Author and Category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the good results of the taxonomy-topic model, we decided to test \gls{pam} with the two other metadata fields: Author and Category.
```

These metadata are not layered and can therefore not utilize the layered nature of \gls{pam} in the same way.

> Instead, a four-layer \gls{pam} will be used, with a root layer, a metadata layer where words are locked into topics using the technique outlined in \autoref{sec:appendix/locking}, a layer with 90 'blank' topics, and a word layer.

Reviewer 2: fix ref

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead, a four-layer \gls{pam} will be used, with a root layer, a metadata layer where words are locked into topics using the technique outlined in \autoref{subsec:pam}, a layer with 90 'blank' topics, and a word layer.
```

> Instead, a four-layer \gls{pam} will be used, with a root layer, a metadata layer where words are locked into topics using the technique outlined in \autoref{sec:appendix/locking}, a layer with 90 'blank' topics, and a word layer.

Author: bad ref

> Instead, a four-layer \gls{pam} will be used, with a root layer, a metadata layer where words are locked into topics using the technique outlined in \autoref{sec:appendix/locking}, a layer with 90 'blank' topics, and a word layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, a Four-Level \gls{pam} will be used, with a root layer, a metadata layer where authors and categories are locked into topics using the technique outlined in \autoref{subsec:pam}, a layer with 90 'blank' topics, and a word layer.
```
reffen refererede nok til locking der var i appendix, som er rykket til artiklen. hvis vi vil have en ref directe til taxonomy afsnittet skal en label laves

As can be seen from the results in \autoref{tab:cat_auth_pachinko_results}, these models achieve better results than the previous author and category models and the \gls{lda} model.

> However, the taxonomy \gls{pam} is still better overall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the taxonomy-topic model is still better overall.
```

> The same conclusion is reached after manual inspection of the topics of these models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The same conclusion is reached after a manual inspection of the topics of these models.
```

\begin{table}[h]
	\centering

> 	\caption{Topic Coherence ($C_v$) comparison of author and category \gls{pam} (marked with bold) and previous models.}

Author: ```suggestion
	\caption{Topic coherence of author \gls{pam}, category \gls{pam}, and \gls{pam} without metadata (marked with bold) compared to previous models.}
```

> 	\caption{Topic Coherence ($C_v$) comparison of author and category \gls{pam} (marked with bold) and previous models.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\caption{Topic coherence comparison of author and category \gls{pam} (marked with bold) and previous models.}
```

	\begin{tabular}{l|c}

> 		Topic Model & \makecell{Topic \\ Coherence} \\
> 		\midrule
> 		\acrfull{lda} model & 0.520 \\
> 		Author-Topic \acrlong{lda} model & 0.335 \\
> 		Category-Topic \acrlong{lda} model & 0.370 \\
> 		Taxonomy \acrlong{pam} & 0.660 \\
> 		\textbf{Author \acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.598} \\
> 		\textbf{Category \acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.585} \\
> 		\textbf{\acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.670} \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		Topic Model & \makecell{Topic \\ Coherence} \\
		\midrule
		\Acrlong{lda} & 0.520 \\
		Author-Topic Model & 0.335 \\
		Category-Topic Model & 0.370 \\
		Taxonomy-Topic Model & 0.660 \\
		\textbf{Author \gls{pam}} & \textbf{0.598} \\
		\textbf{Category \gls{pam}} & \textbf{0.585} \\
		\textbf{\Acrlong{pam}} & \textbf{0.670} \\
```
Kald modellerne hvad de hedder i artiklens tabel. Synes at skrive alle fuldt ud gør det svært at læse.

	\end{tabular}
	\label{tab:cat_auth_pachinko_results}
\end{table}

For comparison we also ran a four-level \gls{pam} without any metadata, using 100 and 90 as the sizes of the two middle layers.

> This ended up providing very good results, slightly better than the Taxonomy \gls{pam}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ended up providing very good results, slightly better than the taxonomy-topic model.
```

This also shows that while Category \gls{pam} and Author \gls{pam} get better results than their \gls{lda} counterparts, it is better to run \gls{pam} without modifications.
This could be due to our models being unable to make good use of the extra information provided by the metadata.
It might also point towards these two particular metadata fields not being particularly useful in this specific project.
The category metadata is generally very vague and some categories have seemingly no connection between documents.
As discussed earlier, the author metadata might not be as useful within journalism as authors don't write about the same topics as with scientific papers.

> And while the \gls{pam} without metadata does achieve better topic coherence than the Taxonomy \gls{pam}, they are close enough in both topic coherence and manual inspection of the quality of topics that no conclusions can be drawn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And while the \gls{pam} without metadata does achieve better topic coherence than the taxonomy-topic model, they are close enough in both topic coherence and manual inspection of the quality of topics that no conclusions can be drawn.
```
